in today's video I'm going to be
unboxing the new Oppo find 7 a now this
is a really interesting smartphone so
let's take a look alright so here it is
in all its glory I'm going to take off
the cellophane wrapping on the box to
show you guys what it looks like it does
come in an all-black square box it's
nice and thin and overall it has a
really nice quality feeling so let me
take off the lid to show you guys the
phone and there it is the Oppo find 7
inch with its 5.5 inch screen now I'm
just going to take it out of the box and
take off the cover to show you guys
exactly what it looks like and so you
can just peel it off with a tab and
there it is underneath it does come with
the screen protector on it so don't take
that one off when you take it off now in
terms of accessories let's take a look
it does come with a little folded and
low kind of thing with some paper
information so it's going i'm user's
manual and of course some warranty
information opening up the little folder
you have the battery for the phone
that's actually going to be the main
battery and then we have a brick power
brick that's going to charge the phone
now this one does have that really fast
charge feature and this is most likely
why you actually have a brick rather
than just a simple charger putting that
aside the next thing you have is a small
USB to actually connect your phone to
the computer or to the charger as well
and then a pair of headsets now this is
really cool because it does have a nice
quality headset that does come with it
so you can use these to listen to music
or videos or whatever you like and if
you don't want to use these it's
actually just nice to have an extra set
of headphones now taking a look at the
front a closer look you'll have the
front speaker some sensors and of course
a 5-megapixel front-facing camera which
does do a pretty good job in terms of
giving you a nice quality image for your
front facing camera now on the back it's
a very nice white design and it does
have a little texture which makes it
nice to grip the phone and some very
slippery taking a closer look you'll
notice that it has a 13-megapixel camera
a dual LED flash
microphone and you'll also notice the
very stylish oppo sign now on the left
side you have the power button and it's
the only one and on the right side you
have a volume rocker which you can use
to turn your volume up and down and of
course another microphone now on the top
they have a 3.5 millimeter headphone
jack which is nicely positioned so you
can listen to music with the provided
headset or use your own now take a look
at the bottom you have a mini USB input
for charging the device and transferring
files along with a microphone and let me
open it up to show you exactly what the
battery goes so you can place the
battery inside the phone and taking a
look you do get a microSD expansion slot
right there to get more memory and then
your SIM card slot right there on the
back of the phone cover it does have NFC
capabilities so you'll see that little
connection which gives you the ability
to use NFC transfer files and all the
other good stuff I comes with it now
here I have the phone it's all started
up and ready to go it has a two point
three gigahertz Qualcomm Snapdragon 801
quad core processor and Adreno 330 GPU
and two gigabytes of RAM this particular
model also has 16 gigabytes of internal
storage now in terms of the display it's
5.5 inches and it's a full 1080p
resolution of 1920 x 1080 pixels and the
pixels per inch are 403 alright guys so
that's basically a thank you for
watching my video if you liked it make
sure to add it to your favorite and
subscribe to our channel if you want to
watch more make sure to check out our
Facebook page we do update our content
regularly and that's basically it so
thanks again for watching and we'll see
you next time